hello everyone how good I am for
here I go to make you a hairstyle is
Inspired by Adriana Lima, surpassed like this
very big waves very loose very
easy to make I've also made a
It shows on a doll so you can see
how is also with the hair more
short so you can see the effect in a
shortest way I do not know I like it
a lot this kind of where he has opened so
big what I used to do is
hector has already been this iron people
k wave s wave
what is good if you notice it would come to be
as a kind of curler but if you
you notice is not completely round that
next to I use the outside part
to do it
is not a normal conversationalist no curl
It comes completely round but it comes out
just as a kind of zig zag
when you do it is a bit special
also used lacquer
of ecological
and second too
I leave you by the step by step
start doing it to her so that
see how a hair is like that more
Cortito also receives the result of
start as always I'll start in
two sections and then I'm going to do it
myself so you can see how I'm going to give
in a longer hair
makes a very large curls are pretty
I have placed iron to 190 we do
here the turn and waited a second be
that is hot made me a good and
then we let go
the curl is huge is super big
I will be careful not to touch
the outside because it is heated
as always a pair of tongs has
a lot of practice, better what I say
to get legal
but we leave we will not touch it until
to cool down now I will do it to myself
now without being the result of the two
so you can compare it well I'm going to
start at the bottom
both actions like this
it passes half forward and I go
taking first from the back
How is it going
as well and roll my hair
about
the barrel because it's my favor but
something every day seconds or less
it's a very big wave
you can go for this fact something like that happened and
the roll
I tell him
I do not know what I'm going to throw myself
a little bit by the mold the form
and do not lose me while I'm
doing on the dog's face
and I put the box back
and this what I'm going to continue doing
for the rest of the hair go doing
sections I will be performing as
you have seen
what I do the top part is
example more slowly as a result of
mexico so much with the press to the root
as
one down
Y
loop the loop
and I do the same thing in another side
Once in fried hair can do it
is to move to the fingers to undo
the second one I'm going to have a little serum
to get rid of it I made it a little droplet
reported everything between the fingers also
and I'm going to undo logical
two
You can see how all the hair is going
I'm going to throw some lacquer
You see the effect
being very very very very loose
I'm going to do the same thing the other side is going to
go opening I'm going to release everything
the subjects and a little bit up and you
put a little more lacquer
there
respect here on this cover I do
the same thing I held a bit to the hair and I
echo lacquer
and held until it dries
loose
You see, it's a very, very big wave,
very loose open they taught us to
what are you also like
so you see it in a shorter hair
as well as the hair more like more shot
with a lot of volume
you see
and good progress here tutorial I hope that
I liked you to serve and you see
which is very easy to do was one thing
that I had not quite arrived at the post office
this kind of waves so big too
We could use a diameter curling iron
big enough what happens is that
keep in mind that it is not round but
which is oval then the curl we 're not going
to go exactly the same as like here if
you notice is like a half wave zig curl
zag is different in agreement is not no
let's say a perfect wave looks like a
bit of zig zag and this is the grace that
has precisely this iron like
I always tell you any doubt that
have one left here written down or
on my website I leave you here my
sites so you can add me if
you want and nothing but many
thanks for watching me and we are doing
make a merry videos